# Recommendation_rotten_tomatoes
Recommendation system built on data scraped from Rotten Tomatoes

**Executive Summary**

Over the last decade, most of the world's biggest entertainment and
telecom have moved enormous attention to the new battlefield of
streaming entertainment. From Statista's report of *Frequency of
streaming movies in the U.S. 2019-2020* (Watson, 2020), there are a
total of 25 percent of adults who aged between 18 and 29 years old and a
total of 9 percent of adults who aged above the age of 65 years old
claimed that they watched movies every day. In response, there are more
than 750 movies released in the United States and Canada in 2018 and
2019 (Watson, 2020). This growth of online movie consumption has brought
a tremendous amount of information and choices to consumers and requires
a better movie recommendation system to help consumers find the right
movies they want. In general, content-based and collaborative Filtering
recommendation system are the two most popular approaches. 

 

Content-based and collaborative filtering recommendation both rely on
the item-user interaction. Beside using users' interactions and
feedbacks, the content-based recommendation also requires rich
information of features of the movie to find new movies that are similar
to what the user has watched and liked in the past. On the other hand,
collaborative filtering recommendation requires a good amount of users'
information that helps find similar users and create a recommendation
list based on what a similar user enjoyed. 

 

However, both recommendation systems have to face three problems that
are: cannot recommend fresh items, cold start problem, and lack of side
features for the query. In this project, we present a new approach to
designing a new content-based recommender system to overcome these
problems.

